[Intro]
Hey. It’s nice to meet you.
My name is MacKenzie, and I’m a graphic designer interested in everything digital.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
I enjoy designing for the web, I love UI/UX,
and I’ve really enjoyed the opportunities that we’ve had to learn to code, even if it’s just a little.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
I really love graphic design because it’s a chance to make things that aren’t just beautiful and meaningful and useful,
but things that can really be enjoyed by everyone; things that are truly accessible.
It’s a little hard to know what to say exactly in a format like this, and I don’t want to take too much of your time,
so if you’re interested in seeing any of my work, there are some snapshots down below;
and if you’d like to get in touch with me, there’s a bunch of information over here.
Thank you so much for your time, and I hope to see you around.
[Outro]